# operating-systems
Draw it or lose it CS230 operating systems.

The gaming room is a client for creative technology solutions, or CTS. The gaming room wants a web-based game that works on multiple platforms for their game “draw it or lose it" . Draw it or lose it is loosely related to an 80's TV show called “win, lose, or draw" and currently they only offer it for android applications. The objective for this project was to look at developing this game for other platforms besides android, we first weighed the cost, time, and complexity of doing so. I believe I did well in outlining the differences in software.
The software design document was very beneficial in creating code effectively in this project as it helps break down the project into incremental steps. This could be similarly related to using pseudocode to create code for a project. The software design document helps us keep track of what feats need to be accomplished in order to make draw it or lose it compatible for other platforms as we are looking to do. 
If I were to revise any part of this document, I would probably focus on the design constraint and the domain model more. I chose these two sections because I did not speak much on those topics.
It is important to look at the clients needs when completing a project. There are many aspects that should be accounted for such as security, storage, etc. Storage for example should be decided whether it would be more beneficial to use traditional storage or cloud storage for the software. In this case, cloud storage would be very beneficial as the software should be compatible with multiple different devices. Ignoring the clients needs when creating a software or any project is a bad business model and will make clients shy away from using your company again.
